fix link to prompt directory (#44818)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/getting-started/mcp.mdx

To verify the client has access to the MCP server tools, try asking it to query your project or database using natural language. For example: "What tables are there in the database? Use MCP tools."

> For curated, ready-to-use prompts that work well with IDEs and AI agents, see our [AI Prompts](/examples/prompts) collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For curated, ready-to-use prompts that work well with IDEs and AI agents, see our [AI Prompts](/docs/guides/getting-started/ai-prompts) collection.
```

Author: Thanks!
